News overnight, Steelers line back at Houston Worlds is walking away from the NFL and the prime of his NFL career.
Worlds has, sir, has been with the Steelers for five seasons and started in all 16 games.
He's just walking away from tens of millions of dollars. What is he going to do with the rest of his life?
No clue, but it better be worth it.
My name is Jason Worlds, and I'm one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
My mom is a beautiful woman. It was in her early 20s that she was introduced to the witnesses and she took a study and six months later.
She was baptized. And so my mom put the truth before it's growing up, but I didn't see the true value of what it is that I had.
I didn't know how true the truth was.
It's vital that you set spiritual goals.
If you don't, the reality is that someone is going to set a goal for you, and I think that's what was true in my case.
I started playing American football my freshman year of high school. One of my coaches sat me down and said,
you can potentially go to college on a full scholarship.
I did everything to succeed at football, and so the dedication it escalates.
I studied the Bible for several years, but by the time that I started to make progress in my study, I was being quoted by the NFL.
I was whole soul to football.
And so I pursued my professional career.
When I was drafted, it was what I had been working towards for so many years.
That first year, it was chaotic, but then my second year, I got to a point in my life where everything was unstable.
I felt that the things that I were pursuing were fruitless.
I just felt hollow inside, right? I felt like if you shook me, I would rattle.
And I saw those who had more money, more success, and they weren't happy.
That was one of the motivating factors for me to say, you know what?
There has to be something more. There has to be, because I'm at the precipice of what I've always wanted.
And the only thing that I can see is more angst, more headache, more strife.
There was nothing there that was going to bring lasting happiness.
And I think that is what motivated me to want to see what's in this Bible.
And so I reached out and I picked up a study with a local brother there in Pittsburgh.
But for a time, I felt like, man, I can do both of these.
I got my craft here, and I'm enjoying it, and then I have Java.
As a defender and football, there are certain things that you dream of.
One game, I had one of those opportunities, but I didn't put everything into it the way that I always dreamed of myself doing.
I let up the person that I was on the inside was changing.
That night, I sat thinking, you're not in the environment that's conducive to you continuing to grow as a spiritual person.
You might need to make some changes.
And that night is when I realized that, hey, you know what?
Yeah, I don't need this. Why are you here? What are you doing?
The reality is that I loved playing football. I enjoyed it, but it didn't bring true happiness.
I retired at a time where I was going to take the next step with my career.
And so the offers that were on the table were tens of millions of dollars.
And that wasn't what I wanted to do.
And so once I let them know that, then the offers increased.
But that wasn't what I wanted.
I wanted to make the truth my own and get into the full-time ministry.
I was baptized September 13th, 2015.
That day was so special because Jehovah completely welcomed me into a spiritual family.
I've become a better friend, I've become a better brother, I've become a better son.
There's nothing but wins when you serve Jehovah.
The joy, the happiness that I received now and why I just rejoice to be on the ministry is because
you have an opportunity to actually affect change in someone's life and make them a better person
and give them purpose and have them have this same warm relationship with Jehovah
that you have is unparalleled. That's the fact.
The more that we center our lives around Jehovah, the happy will be.
That's where my happiness comes from.
As Brother World said, the more we center our life on Jehovah, the happier we will be.
To many, it seemed he gave up so much, fame, wealth and professional recognition.
But in reality, he discovered what was truly valuable, the good news of truth.
No wonder he was determined to make it his life's work.
We are happy that Jason has been serving as a member of the United States Bethel family since 2017.